who is going to use this
why will they want to use this
when can they use this in their daily lives
where all can you see them using it and where do you want USERS to use this
why wont people want to use this

-------

1. adults and young adults, office goers, school; uni students.

2. people who actively want to spend time on activites that involve them racking their 
	brains to come up with THEIR OWN creative solutions and approaches to problems 
	within specific contexts. people who want to create, who want to go back to using
	their brains like humans were meant to do, who want to spend time away from leaning
	on AI.

3. after work, after school, after their gym. its only one problem set a day and it 
	will probably take 30 - 40 mintues for it to complete. The reward being the 
	natural gratification that comes by coming up with and successfully applying a 	
	solution YOU created.

4. on their laptops initially as it is most accesible. later on with friends 
	(specific problem sets created that require collaboration) (online or offline friends)
	(maybe). then maybe further down the line when the brand has sunk into the
	subconcious, physical locations that have their own custom mechanics that may 	
	involve physical activities, motor skills, live teamwork and collaboration etc. 
	A full ecosystem that is focused on being human*.

5. they're busy, they're already burnt out from working the whole day and need to relax.

---------------------------------------------------

* - spending energy problem solving and coming up with creative unique solutions to a 
	common problem. interacting with other humans as we are first, a social animal species.
	observing the results to our solutions, adapting, optimising and eventually 
	reaping the fruits of our labour (reward mechanism).

## from a marketing pov, instead of packaging it as a mental exercise/gym platform which comes 
	with its own baggage and preconceptions and experiences with other platforms, 
	it can be promoted as a platform where one can feel human again; spend time 
	not leaning on AI to think for us; etc etc. 
	(this might not be very sustainable as AI is a buzzword and as all trends, 
	they will setlle down and die out. need to think of a fully independent
	narrative that can stand on its own feet, stand the test of time and 
	stand the ever-changing human needs and wants)
	-- take this as an alternative to constant scrolling and actually enguage your brain
